docs: env vars (#4558)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/articles/running-tests.md

By default, there is a 10 second timeout limit on all requests on the client side and a 1 GB body size limit on the server side. To update the timeout, use `--upload-timeout` with [Go-compatible duration formats](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration).

### Injected Environment Variables

> Below environment variables are automatically injected into each executed test pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following environment variables are automatically injected into each executed test pod:
```
